Add a banner for unsupported and pre-release (#3653)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Managing_Content/master.adoc

= {ContentManagementDocTitle}

ifdef::foreman-deb[]
== Katello plugin required

> The Katello plugin required to manage content in Foreman is not supported on Debian/Ubuntu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Katello plugin required to manage content in Foreman is not supported for Foreman on {DL}.

With Foreman and Katello on EL, you can provide content to hosts running {DL}.
```

Refs https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/blob/master/guides/common/attributes-base.adoc#L71

Out of scope.

Author: https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/pull/3660
